[Music]
hola i'm jimmy kimmel happy most boring
Cinco de Mayo ever to us Ted I know
about you but it don't feel like a Cinco
de Mayo to me unless I'm in a toccata
tank top getting thrown out of a señor
frogs happy Cinco de Mayo Guillermo
happy Cinco de Mayo to everybody what do
you have planned today oh I'm gonna
drink tequila and gonna eat tacos like
almost every night well it is Taco
Tuesday also it's Cinco de Mayo and it's
like if there was a pinata stuffed
inside another pinata today so be
careful Guillermo right we don't want to
lose it today all right
el Presidente weighed in on Cinco today
remember a few years ago he posted the
stupid picture with the message happy
Cinco de Mayo the best taco balls are
made in Trump Tower Grill I love
Hispanics well I guess that wasn't
embarrassing enough the first time
around because today he posted it again
he wrote remember this happy Cinco de
Mayo
of course we remember how could we
forget that that was just before our
country started sinking into the abyss
Trump was up very late last night
watching TV and rage tweeting at 1246
a.m. and his mood apparently continued
into the afternoon because today he
wrote Wow
congratulations to Greg Gutfeld a
one-time Trump hater who has come all
the way home his ratings easily beat
no-talent Stephen Colbert nice guy Jimmy
Fallon and wacko last place are Jimmy
Kimmel wacko last I hope he wasn't
talking about me I think maybe this was
another typo situation I think what he
meant to tweet was I am completely
devastated by the loss of life caused by
this insidious virus my thoughts are
with the families of those who've passed
I pledge to spend every waking moment
working to make sure our medical workers
have the support they need and every
American has access to tests PS
rats to greg gutfeld that's better right
he does seem to be familiar with all the
late night shows I've heard that if you
snort enough adderall
you can watch four of them at once the
president took a field trip today to
Phoenix to visit a Honeywell factory
where they're manufacturing and 95 masks
and the big question was would he wear a
mask to the plant where they make masks
let's find out
[Applause]
[Music]
no he did not I love that they didn't
turn the volume on the guns and roses
down even one notch for the Prez I can
think of no better metaphor for this
presidency than Donald Trump not wearing
a face mask - a face mask factory while
the song Live and Let Die blares in the
background one of the things we need to
save lives and get back to business
is testing widespread testing is how we
can make sure it's safe to go to work
and you think Trump would agree with
that
that seems like a no-brainer but no
brainers are sometimes hard to get a
beat on when you have no brains the
antibody tests you see what's going on
with that that's going to be something
that I already look we have so much
testing I don't think you need that kind
of testing of that much testing but some
people disagree with it some people
agree with me right doctors disagree and
crazy people agree this is a guy by the
way who has every person who comes into
contact with them every person who comes
to the White House is tested but for us
the testing not so necessary and the
president isn't the only one pushing to
get things going early in an interview
yesterday former New Jersey Governor
Chris Christie said there are going to
be deaths no matter what so we might as
well get back to work I like the idea
that chris Christie is telling us what
the healthiest thing for our country is
this is a man who doesn't even get his
pizza sliced he eats it round you ever
noticed the people saying we need to
just accept deaths to save the economy
are never talking about their own deaths
open the Outback Steakhouse
Governor Christie needs a bloomin onion
on a positive note I want to mention
that today is national teacher day part
of national teacher appreciation week
and I will say that after almost two
months at home with my kids in our house
every week is no teacher appreciation
week teachers they should also get shark
week they should get all the weeks
children are wonderful to a point a
point we passed about 35 days ago and
we're lucky to have teachers to pawn
them off on so with that said we asked
parents to show their gratitude for our
nation's educators during this time of
crisis and strife on this very special
day dear teachers dear teachers
thank you thanks for all you do every
single day we never fully appreciated
you we took you for granted but having
our kids at home has taught us beyond a
shadow of a doubt that our children our
children sweet beautiful children are
terrible stubborn selfish impossible
monsters who suck our life force begging
for snacks like zoo animals all day on
tick tock and YouTube while I'm printing
out 500 worksheets uploading videos to
Google classroom and try to figure out
what the hell the water cycle is there's
jelly on my laptop Thank You teachers
thank you how are you not all alcoholics
you deserve more money much more how
does the president make more than you do
we promise to never ever ever take you
for granted again thank you for teaching
our terrible toddlers and teenagers for
seven magical hours this message is
brought to you by Trojan brand ultra
thick condoms next time double up Thank
You teachers for all you do for our kids
now please come take them back